doc/Versions.MD, before:

#NEventStore versions

##v.6.0.0

###Breaking changes

- Removed Dispatcher, you should dispatch with other mechanism, ex with a PollingClient
- Removed LongCheckpoint, checkpoint now is a plain Int64, there is no need to keep a LongCheckpoint class anymore. 
- Removed PollingClient because it depends on Rx, you can [read more information here](/src/NEventStore/Client/README.MD)
- JsonSerializer and BsonSerializer are now in a different assembly, if you need them you should reference the NEventStore.Serialization.Json assembly or implementing your serializer to avoid to depend to the same Json.Net version of the serializers

##v.5.x.x

Note: Version 5 is not backwards compatible with v4. Updating to v5 without doing some preparation work will result in problems

###Breaking Changes

1. Underlying schema has changed for all v5 storage engines. In order to migrate a store from v4 to v5 use NEventStore.Migrations
1.The concept of a 'Bucket' has been added as a container for streams allowing multi-tenancy, partitions, multiple-bounded contexts, sagas, etc to be stored in the one store. The API changes have been such that, using extension methods, operations will work on the default bucket, unless a bucket Id has been explicitly supplied. This should mean minimal code changes for the user.
1.Stream Ids are now string based and are limited to 1000 characters.
In the SQL engines the stream Id's are limited to 40 characters and are hashed versions of the actual StreamId.
The hashing function can be overridden during wireup.

###New Features

####Polling Client

As an alternative to the dispatcher mechanism and improved replay / catch-up story we have implemented a CheckpointNumber in the stores that guarantees ordering across the streams. This number is guaranteed to increment but not guaranteed to be sequential. This allows you to get all Commits from a specific checkpoint and observe new ones. This implementation is polling based (and thus works for all engines) so it doesn't have the same low-latency attributes of the dispatcher mechanism. You can see how to use it here: [https://gist.github.com/damianh/6370328](https://gist.github.com/damianh/6370328) .In this, instead of the store tracking what has been dispatched, the onus is on the client to track what it has seen. And upon restart, start subscribing from what it last saw.

In the future I'd like to see / implement reactive clients that leverage stores that are observable.

###Other Notes

1. Only SQL and MongoDB persistence engines are supported in this release. RavenDB engine will be shipped later.
1. RavenDB and MongoDB persistence engines are now in their own repositories and will have be shipped independently.

Commit message:

Slightly better documentation for client
We added a more detailed docs why the old
polling client was removed from the base
core project.

doc/Versions.MD, after:

#NEventStore versions

##v.6.0.0

###Breaking changes

- Removed Dispatcher (if was obsolete in the 5 version), you should dispatch with other mechanism, ex with a PollingClient.
- Removed LongCheckpoint, checkpoint now is a plain Int64, there is no need to keep a LongCheckpoint class anymore. 
- PollingClient was removed because it depends on Rx, you can [read more information here](/src/NEventStore/Client/README.MD). The new polling client is called PollingClient2.
- JsonSerializer and BsonSerializer are now in a different assembly, if you need them you should reference the NEventStore.Serialization.Json assembly or implementing your serializer to avoid to depend to the same Json.Net version of the serializers.

###Other Notes

All persistence providers: [MongoDb](https://github.com/NEventStore/NEventStore.Persistence.MongoDB), [RavenDb](https://github.com/NEventStore/NEventStore.Persistence.RavenDB), [Sql](https://github.com/NEventStore/NEventStore.Persistence.SQL), are now hosted in their own project. 
Common Domain is now moved in its [own repository](https://github.com/NEventStore/NEventStore.Domain).

##v.5.x.x

Note: Version 5 is not backwards compatible with v4. Updating to v5 without doing some preparation work will result in problems.

###Breaking Changes

1. Underlying schema has changed for all v5 storage engines. In order to migrate a store from v4 to v5 use NEventStore.Migrations
1.The concept of a 'Bucket' has been added as a container for streams allowing multi-tenancy, partitions, multiple-bounded contexts, sagas, etc to be stored in the one store. The API changes have been such that, using extension methods, operations will work on the default bucket, unless a bucket Id has been explicitly supplied. This should mean minimal code changes for the user.
1.Stream Ids are now string based and are limited to 1000 characters.
In the SQL engines the stream Id's are limited to 40 characters and are hashed versions of the actual StreamId.
The hashing function can be overridden during wireup.

###New Features

####Polling Client

As an alternative to the dispatcher mechanism and improved replay / catch-up story we have implemented a CheckpointNumber in the stores that guarantees ordering across the streams. This number is guaranteed to increment but not guaranteed to be sequential. This allows you to get all Commits from a specific checkpoint and observe new ones. This implementation is polling based (and thus works for all engines) so it doesn't have the same low-latency attributes of the dispatcher mechanism. You can see how to use it here: [https://gist.github.com/damianh/6370328](https://gist.github.com/damianh/6370328) .In this, instead of the store tracking what has been dispatched, the onus is on the client to track what it has seen. And upon restart, start subscribing from what it last saw.

In the future I'd like to see / implement reactive clients that leverage stores that are observable.

###Other Notes

1. Only SQL and MongoDB persistence engines are supported in this release. RavenDB engine will be shipped later.
1. RavenDB and MongoDB persistence engines are now in their own repositories and will have be shipped independently.
